Philosophy:
Based of philosophy of Law of Karma frequently referred in the Hinduism, Jainism and Buddhist sacred texts and discourses. This game tries to quantify the karmic accounts and consequences that we must face based on how we think, behave and act in different situations of life.

Social relevance:
The philosophy of karma has been instrumental for ages in the Indian subcontinent in sustaining self disciplined law and order in the society.
It is also responsible for incentivising to take a moral choice rather than a purely selfish or that inflicts pain and harm to others. Even in the most selfish regime, the philosophy of karma dictates one to act morally and take actions that are in the interest of all to maximize one's own happiness and well-being. Some stronger statements in the philosophy like "Not acting where one can act to serve is also bad" further encourages and motivates one to take initiatives in public situations out of one's own interests and comfort.

References:
//add references here//

Basic Plot:

Protagonist ?
1. poor child
2. traficked children
3. Migrated people
4. Trafficked women
5. Normal person who faces such people during the course of the game.


Story around poor child:
Story of a child who is poor and homeless and then becomes successful as he grows up based on moral choices and those backed by 
philosophy of karma. The storyline will be based on the choices you make during the game and multiple end possibilities are possible.
Questions:
Will it sensitize the public for the poor children? Or will it just have opposite effect.

Story around normal people:


Few main scenes (Simulation of a living room)
Timer : Date and time
Parameter:
Expreience of different things
Karma Points:

Other points to consider:
1. Add a disclaimer on the start, backing the philosophy and stating scientific agnosticism (clearing that there is no grounded scientific 
antagonism for the philosophy). Further clearing that the quantification is purely the choice of the developers and is purely fitcitious although 
is open to discourse and further improvements are underway, Feedback is highly welcome.


Specific Ideas:
1. Adopt the Child (Can be a subpart of the above game) 
2. Everyone can serve/ ChangeMaker (Philosophy: you dont need to be rich to serve)
3. Depth or Width (Work on scale or work on depth) (Can also be the part of the adopt the child)
4. Effective Altruism (Strategy game on where to invest your resources for the social cause)
5. College Story (How to effectively manage your time in the college)
6. Ethics in Business
7. Honest 
8. The difficulty of being an honest citizen
9. The Dillema 
10. True Happiness (A single story where you have to help a loner comprosmising your own resources and often coming out of the rat race
11. Cooperation and competition
12. 10 ways to love
13. The real test (you have a plane ticket, will you leave the plane? to rescue the traficked child)
14. True reward (Real happiness is in the service of the others)

Story line on 13th
Story Line:
Background:
You are a psychotherapist and researcher and your recent paper was published in a top conference of APM. You are to present it
and give a talk 

