Theme1:
We throughout the course of life search for happiness and keep working hard to achieve this and that. But the happiness is only 
temporary and the more acievements we have, the more competition we percieve and very often our lives become so fast that
we get no time to sit back and look at life, look at the its true meaning and purpose, we never distant us away from the rat race
to have a wider perspective, to get the real happiness and to understand the true nature of our being.
This game is in a story format with a hope to touch the heart of the gamer by realising him situations he may not encounter in his
fast paced life. It is an attempt to realise that the true peace and happiness does not lie in all those achievements but rather in
serving for a selfless cause, the real happiness lies in spreading love, care and in sacrifice.

Story Plot:

Motivation: The initial plot is based on a recent event when I was coming back to Delhi from home, and while waiting for the train 
in the waiting room, I noticed a begging child who enterred the waiting room and went to beg to each person in a disciplined way.
I found it rather strange and was contemplating on it. I felt pity for the child as it suggested that he must be begging for very long
as he did it without hesitation. After some resistance from inside, I thought of following him. I saw him outside 
teasing a stray dog and playing with some marble. I could not gather enough courage to ask him his whereabouts. 
Ignoring I went back to the waiting room. I still had 15-20 minutes before the train was to arrive. After 2-3 minutes it stuck to me that
I should follow him and ask about him. I came outside but he was there no more. I tried searching him for some while in and around the 
platform, but I did not find him. I had lost him.

Scene 1:
You have a plane to board for a very important meeting/ conference/ etc. You see a small child who was begging, did not take 
food when offered by someone, as only wanted money. He goes to each person sitting there for money and then comes to you. You 
do give a 10 rupee note to him. Later you contemplate on the utility of that 10 rupee note. You think whether you did just or not.
You start thinking about the possibility of him being traficked by a gang and start worrying. 
Decision To Take: To leave the plane and follow him.
Magnitude of the appearing loss: Ask the gamer a series of questions and try to convinve him not to take that decision. 
A battle inside your mind one part saying to not leave the plane and other to follow the child. 
Finally you decide to leave the plane and follow him. During this time he had been gone from there and lost. Now you need to search 
him.
Modifications in the scene: You still have 2 hours to plane. As you start searching for him the timer starts running which indicates
the time before you must board the plane. Remember there is only one plane and once you leave it, you have no other way to reach 
your destination in time.

Scene 2:
You come outside waiting room and search for him. You start asking people around there if they have seen the child but in vain.
There are a number of scenes/locations in this part where you can switch to in search of the child (The timer still goes).
As you find a clue new scenes are unlocked and the game proceedes. You get a strange clue and now more strongly think that the
child must be a victim of a human traficking mafia. Now you have to make a big decision whether to leave the plane or not.

Scene 3:



